Adding clarification regarding helm charts in built-in repository. (#1686)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/deployments/kubernetes/helm-update/index.md

![Helm Feed](/helm-feed.png "width=500")

:::info

> The built-in repository is [capable of storing Helm Charts](https://octopus.com/docs/packaging-applications), however, the mechanism for determing the `PackageID` and `Version` may differ depending on the contents of the `.tgz` file.  If the `.tgz` file contains a `chart.yaml` file, the PackageID is determined by the `name` and version is determined by the `version` sections of the YAML.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The built-in repository is [capable of storing Helm Charts](/docs/packaging-applications/index.md#supported-formats). However, the mechanism for determining the **PackageID** and **Version** may differ depending on the contents of the `.tgz` file.  If the `.tgz` file contains a `chart.yaml` file, the PackageID is determined by the `name`, and the version is determined by the `version` sections of the YAML.  
```
